Fixed Price typo (#1)
mautic/Gsod: gsod.md

| Budget item   | Amount | Running Total | Notes/justifications |
| ------------------- | ------------------- | --------------| ----------- |
| Technical writer/s audit, update, test, and publish new Mautic documentation    |  10,500    | 10,500.00 | |

> | Volunteer stipends  |  500      | 12,000.00 | 3 volunteer stipends x 500 each |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Volunteer stipends  |  1,500      | 12,000 | 3 volunteer stipends x 500 each |
```

Thanks for picking this up - actually it should be 1500 (3x 500) and the running total therefore 12,000 so I've tweaked that in my suggestion above.

> | Project t-shirts (5 t-shirts)   | 1,000    |13,000.00 | Design and print T-Shirt for participants and volunteers|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Project t-shirts (5 t-shirts)   | 200    |12,200 | Design and print T-Shirt for participants and volunteers|
| Administration costs   | 800    |13,000.00 | Administration expenses ($174 for OysterHR contract, $500 toward attending next in-person conference, misc expenses)|

```

@fakela I added the line for misc admin expenses such as our OysterHR contracting fees, supporting the person to attend our next in-person conference, and a small amount left over for any misc expenses such as postage etc. I think it was missing from the original proposal and got rolled into the tshirts line by mistake.
